hey guys I don't really run out of
things to say to my own horror but I'm
just gonna read out an email that a
viewer sent to me I think a female who
was especially moved and inspired by
some of my recent videos that use the
word idiot in the title used the word
idiot and the thesis and used the word
idiot liberally throughout but this is
someone who was react to this positively
and you're gonna see why and she talks
about her own negative experience
growing up with meat and animals on a
farm being slaughtered in this kind of
thing um her name is Stephanie I just
use first names by the phone so
Stephanie right sending me saying last
night I explained to an omnivore
roommate how chickens are humanely
slaughtered on the farms where I'm from
these are the picturesque small family
farms which only grow sell and slaughter
what they need i explained it in graphic
detail because he was excited that he
had found a farm where they raised
chickens and gathered eggs humanely and
in small broods so they could have
better lives before being humanely
processed he felt this would make me
more comfortable with the eggs and meat
in the fridge so this is a vegan who has
a roommate who eats meat so they have to
share a fridge so she's got to look at
the eggs and the meat in her fridge
right I felt he deserved to fully
understand the process stew he
was lapping up you so she's now
describing the process of what actually
happens on these farms you pick up the
chicken and wrap it in a towel it's used
to being picked up and coddled because
you've been picking it up and cuddling
it all of its life you talk to it
soothingly call it by its name and pet
it until it settles down and Nestle's on
your lap you tell it what a good chicken
it has been and thank it for its eggs
you respect it for all it has and will
give you you COO like you know how
chickens love to be COO dad so it
relaxes even more almost napping then
comfortably holding it down with its
head at your knees you stretch its neck
out scratching and rubbing it as
chickens really like and quickly and
deeply cut its throat with a very sharp
warm wet clean knife it doesn't even
notice at first you continue petting it
and soothing it for several seconds
while it bleeds out all over your feet
and when the pain of bleeding out hits
and that last desperate attempt to live
causes the chicken to struggle you do
what is right and quite literally twist
and rip its head off
because this is way more humane than
repeatedly and partially missing with an
axe which is very common and besides it
only happens when they're too old to lay
eggs anymore and a broiler bird is
needed so her letter continues was the
end of the descriptive paragraph I'm
glad you call out every idiot you find
I'm glad you call out situations for
what they are I'm glad because what you
just quoted in this video scares the
out of me right now I used to
believe all the humane and this
was long before any of it became a
marketing gimmick I used to believe it
was better than factory farming and
maybe for a few years of the birds lives
it is but as a kid I held chickens and
cried saying I was so sorry but it had
to be done had to be done because that's
how it always was it is something you
can never atone for or be okay with and
never should be no matter how infrequent
or humane it was the delusional sense of
cohabitation / community sure
as doesn't give the the right to
people who are supposed to know better
to compromise and then encourage others
to do the same once you know better you
are unethical and immoral for willingly
compromising just so other people can
feel more comfortable with their
hope gets to me um once you know better
you were unethical and immoral for
willingly compromising just so other
people can feel more comfortable with
their cruel and convenient stripping
decisions I feel it would be like me
going home and being the one to teach
kids in the family how to humanely kill
chickens while wearing a vegan t-shirt
you know what moves me emotionally in
that message it's not the description of
the chickens being killed you may have
noticed I've seen chickens killed seen
him when I was a kid seen it when I was
adult seen it in third world conditions
seen in the Western world and of course
you can see it on YouTube what gets to
me emotionally is the hope no matter how
miscue pol but I'm not the only person
who sees what's wrong with this you know
who sees what's wrong with the industry
and with the excuses made for the
industry and with the whole you know
civilization that surrounds me the whole
you know cultural infrastructure of
adult indoctrinating children with these
excuses and having you know restaurants
and religious ceremonies making a
holiday out of eating this meat and
killing these animals and making them
into a symbol of prosperity and health
and happiness and enjoyment you know
every day I got a look at that every day
I got a look at the reality of that
industry and a whole human civilization
and culture built around it sitting on
top of those excuses and in a sense I'm
a lot more used to the bleakness of that
that hopelessness than I am even having
that little bit of hope of seeing
there's one other person out there sees
what's wrong with it who sees that the
situation has to change and that all our
cultural assumptions and excuses for the
last 500 years and the last 500 years
have to stop